---
title: "Progress 2020-10-20 - 50 subscribers, decent MVP"
date: 2020-10-20
layout: post.njk
tags:
  - post
  - featured
  - mvp
  - progress
---

[Week 42 was great!](/blog/2020-10-13-Planning-Week-42/)

I managed to get quite a few things done, below a short recap.

---

## 50 Subscribers

Today I reached 50 subscribers, an important milestone for decent.social

In the following days I plan to send out a new issue of the newsletter, containing some blog posts written last week and sharing the progress made on the MVP.

## Content Marketing

I wrote quite a few blog posts regarding privacy, namely

- [Read Twitter privately with Nitter RSS feeds](/blog/2020-10-16-Read-Twitter-privately-with-Nitter-RSS-feeds/)
- [Notes "Edward Snowden interviewed by Ron Paul"](/blog/2020-10-18-Notes-Edward-Snowden-interviewed-by-Ron-Paul/)
- [Why privacy matters - Glenn Greenwald](/blog/2020-10-18-Notes-Glenn-Greenwald-Why-Privacy-matters/)

## MVP

The MVP is more streamlined and the on-boarding should be quite simple now.

Just signup (either via email or via Twitter login) and you're presented with a form to configure your Decent profile.

Here is a short demo for the setup

<video controls loop class='img-fluid mt-5'>
  <source src='/video/decent-mvp-week-42.mp4' type='video/mp4' />
  <source src='/video/decent-mvp-week-42.webm' type='video/webm' />
  <p>Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Here is
    a <a href='/video/decent-mvp-week-42.mp4'>link to the video</a> instead.
  </p>
</video>

## All or nothing - Stripe / Paddle

This is the last week of the beta, from next week on I will set up a Stripe / Paddle integration to see if I can some people interested in the paid version.

## Things done

- "cold-DM'ed" some people on Twitter to get them try out Decent.social
- Interacted with the community on IndieHackers
- Got on the [list of "building in public"](https://twitter.com/AntonioGaryJr/status/1318257042520330241)
- scrollseek of timeline, so that when a users scrolls the timeline fast, tweet previews appear to improve performance
- remember last timeline index so that you can come back where you left off
- single status improvements

## Next up

- payments
- launch beta on producthunt, indiehackers and hackernews (probably betalist too)
- improve Nitter API and try to use json endpoint (to do) instead of RSS feeds